I have my big giant tamale caught that
I'm going to use today for my
I'm chopped to clam shop is what my
dollars used to call clam chowder when
they were little so clam chop suits and
I've got all of my ingredients here and
i'll give you exact measurements on my
site and i'm going to start with a cast
iron skillet i'm heating it up with a
medium medium-high flame and i'm going
to put some bacon in there and fry it up
and this is not a diet recipes sorry
you
damn making clam chowder and I you can
see the photo montage before this what I
did
i fried some bacon I removed the bacon
after was nice and crisp then I added
some chopped or diced celery and onions
and then i added a stick of butter and
yes I set a stick of butter and I'm
going to add a quarter cup of cornstarch
this is going to be my sicken ER for my
soup and I'm helping us enough because
I'm making a pretty large factor since
been up for probably 20 people so I'm
adding the cornstarch in and stirring it
into the butter mixture here good thing
you're not corn starch is if you need
more you just send it with water and you
add it then I'm going to add a cup of
half-and-half to this mixture you can
use milk you can use olive oil instead
of butter and bacon fat to saute
everything in this is just want my soup
to be really nice and Hardy and rich so
I'm kind of making it in a traditional
way
I don't know their salaries traditional
it accelerate except i like it so we're
going to stir this
and just let it come you know get pretty
pretty sick should get pretty sick and I
have milk to add just in case and on
this side we have a pot a large my
tamale pot of potatoes and for Kansas
plan min stencil boiling so the potatoes
need to get soft basically you don't
want them
should be mushy that you don't want that
you want to be forced tender for your
shoes otherwise I'll just become a
potato cyst which is really good which
is what I'm making for somebody who's
special today because she's my clam
chowder okay back to this so this is my
face and like I said I do have them if
you have a little bit of milk on standby
here usually I make this in a lower fat
version and I'll use like I said some
olive oil to saute everything and then I
use cornstarch and like a two percent
milk sometimes i use evaporated milk
pretty much whatever i have on him and
what's on sale what's in my budget since
i went to the 99 cent store this morning
i found a lot of stuff there my bags of
potatoes that I used were dollar
sixty-nine my cans of clowns were a
little bit pricier and then I found some
and another shore for 99 cents so shop
around and you'll be able to make really
good mill
on a budget okay so we're going to let
this Vic and I'm going to turn my flame
up just a little bit so we can speed up
the process because we have a I have
another soup to reheat which was my
cream of broccoli and I'm going to
actually add some sharp cheddar to that
and I'll show you how to make a cheddar
cream cheddar cheese sauce that i use
for my homemade mac and cheese and it's
going to go into the soup
securing it letting it get nice and
thick maybe need to let it boil huh oh
my my daughter makes his face like oh
funny we would feel more selfish
purchase we look wonderful hug and with
the potatoes that are boiling with the
clamp I through the Jewson unless you
have a brand of clams which I had one
time that we're really sandy you can
throw the juices and I'm going to throw
in some sea salt about that's probably
about it two teaspoons
the sages will absorb a lot of salt okay
natalja coming back to this
and here is getting really super thick
now you can kind of see
it should be nice and stick like that
coding aston i'm going to go ahead and
send this down with a little tiny bit of
milk if I need to I can always mash up
some of the potatoes create a better
consistency for my clam chowder but this
is going to go into this big pot and it
won't go in until the potatoes are nice
and fausto and this is what's going to
make York lamb chops nice and creamy and
before I put this in to the pot I will
put
I bacon crumbly bacon in there so enjoy
and adjust your seasonings after the
soft little salt maybe some white pepper
and you're good to go thanks